[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hello, my name is Mona Horn.
I am the therapy director
in Inglewood, Colorado.
I am a speech therapist.
I specialize in pediatric
feeding therapy.
So my specialty is
teaching babies how to eat.
I think, a lot of times, people
take for granted the ability
to eat food.
They think every
baby immediately
comes home from the
hospital and they just
want to eat, eat, eat.
Well, unfortunately,
that's not the case
for a lot of babies that
come home from the hospital,
but it is my job to figure out
a way that we can teach them
to eat again, whether it's that
I have to physically teach them
oral motor wise how to swallow,
how to suck, swallow, breathe.
And it's been very rewarding
taking a baby that comes home
from the hospital that has a
G-tube, completely dependent
on their G-tube, and I have
retrained those muscles
to swallow again, to
teach them to eat again.
You see the eyes of the parents
and the family light up,
and it's the most
wonderful thing
that you can provide for them.